hey sorry friends my name is curious and
I'm Emma and today we're going to be
doing the pancake art challenge so
basically what we're going to do it's
going to be making different pictures on
with pancake batter in our little frying
pans it's gonna and it's going to be
like a competition to see who can make
the better pancake of whatever we're
drawing so in the description below you
guys tell us who won this challenge
where's the oh this is so disgusting we
didn't think that's right through okay
yeah it's all over put the first thing
that we're going to make is a snowman
that is super but okay I got one so man
i completed okay forgot oh this looks so
official my spittle looks just like a
blog you can be better is not like
cookie wait Emma Emma I ready set what
o.o did not forget oh no it's coming
apart why just looks like don't belong I
would rat Justin you watchin wanna cook
on the other side you don't diss epona
man done well that didn't work I'm
hopeless don't care soon you're just
gonna get verge this is our final
product snowman of voter ones Emma's on
the left them on the right I think I
went next one is the flower yours is too
long no it's not do not address my
temperature
you're just cooking that so fast it's
going to burn no beautiful thumbs up
okay oh hell it's done just great here's
to your just after you are you so much
hates birding and I can't flip it over
here it comes up finished product and
resilient on the left like this on
perfect this time I'm gonna win okay
this is a laugh and cry but I don't even
really know what this looks like too
much trouble gonna go first
it's a little arm around there we go oh
gosh can you tell which one's mine
alright this one we're going to do is
shaycarl so we're going to like a beat a
hat and a beard
come on oh that's interesting it's
definitely a hat if I have a separated
look boom that's a good hat that really
is product I feel like I almost 11
finally yeah I can keep one that one
whoo okay get all of them I like
pancakes know minus the burnt part
concludes our challenge video again tell
us below who you think won the whole
thing me obviously it's obviously me
just vote for me because of my shirt no
because of my shirt it is a deer we both
have pretty cool shirts on anyways see
you next week bye bye